c:\users\irk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\MvcApplication2.dll.config
c:\users\irk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\MvcApplication2.dll
c:\users\irk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\MvcApplication2.pdb
c:\users\irk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\irk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\irk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\irk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\irk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\irk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\irk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\irk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\irk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\irk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\irk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\irk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\irk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\irk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\irk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\irk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\irk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\irk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\irk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\irk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\irk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\obj\Debug\MvcApplication2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\irk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\obj\Debug\MvcApplication2.dll
c:\users\irk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication2\MvcApplication2\obj\Debug\MvcApplication2.pdb
